An 11-year-old girl fell from a ride in a theme park in England last Tuesday. The staff was alerted and came to attend to her. A helicopter moved her to hospital where, sadly, she later died. Police said that trained officers are supporting the girl's family
National Geographic Wild introduced the first animatronic leopard. The channel created the big cat to inform about serious threats to the animal. The channel introduced it at the beginning of the Big Cat Week on the channel. Someone put the leopard on the streets of London and it scared some local people. The creator worked for over two months on the animatronic cat. He explained that on the street, the cat will just be lying down and doing almost nothing. It will just move its tail from one side to another. But when people go near, it will start to make noises and will move its face. The main threat to leopards is the destruction of 90% of their natural environment. The big cats must share their territory with people. This project wants to inform people about the problem and start new strategies to help the big cat. It wants to reduce human and big cat conflicts
People in a helicopter in California made an announcement to paddle boarders. They told them to exit the ocean because there were sharks around them. They said that there were around 15 great white sharks. They advised the people to exit the water calmly
A runner at this year's London Marathon fell down. He was exhausted. Another runner helped him up, but he fell down again. The finish line was only 200 metres away, so the man helped him to it. It was nice of the man to help his competitor. People share this story on the Internet. The two runners became friends, and they want to meet at races in the future  next year's London Marathon, as well
When we cross the street we must wait for the green man on the crossing sign, but in one Australian city, he no longer wears trousers. The city of Melbourne is now in the news because it changed some of the pedestrian lights from men to women. A member of the Melbourne city board thinks that to see only a male figure is not right. She hopes that the female figure will make our world more equal. However, some of Melbourne's men ask if it is at all necessary. One of them said that for him, it is only a crossing light. He does not think of it is a male or a female figure. Melbourne's mayor is a man. He also is unsure that his daughters will feel better because the signs now show women. The lights will stay in place for at least one year
A car killed a teenager and injured 22 people in New York. The car drove the wrong way into Times Square, mounted the pavement, and drove into people. The driver then jumped out and started running, but people stopped him. The driver is a 26-year-old American named Richard Rojas. He served in the army and drove drunk before. Officials believe that the incident was not an act of terror
Elvis Presley died 40 years ago. Elvis's ex-wife, Priscilla Presley, opened a new 19,000 square-metre centre about her husband in Memphis, Tennessee. Priscilla said that her husband was a giving man. She thinks that he would like the centre because he liked sharing his accomplishments with his fans. The centre has memorabilia, cars, shops, and two restaurants. It is part of a 140 million expansion to Graceland, which was Presley's home. The expansion includes a 453-room hotel that opened last year
People switched off the lights on many buildings all over the world. They celebrated Earth Hour. It was part of a campaign to bring attention to climate change. It was the 10 th anniversary of Earth Hour, so people celebrated it with a big show. 170 countries and territories took part in the campaign
The staff at a company in Tokyo changed its office into a beach. People brought two tonnes of sand, speakers and a 3D projector. They did all of this to recreate a tropical beach in the reception area. The company wants to make its employees and visitors think that life can be a beach at work. One employee finds the sound of the waves relaxing. She also said that it helps her work. Some people even feel like they're already on holiday
The Cape Town Cycle Tour was going to be held on Sunday in Cape Town, South Africa but it had to be cancelled. The 100 km/h winds were so strong that people could not ride. Thousands of cyclists were at the event. Some of them embraced and enjoyed the winds, while others were more careful
In Colombo, Sri Lanka, a hill of trash sat next to a poor neighbourhood. The residents there lived in tiny homes and protested against the situation, but then the worst happened. The trash fell down onto the homes, killed 17 people, and injured 13 more. Soldiers looked for other people who might be trapped. Over 600 people had to leave. One man said that they protested to the police before the incident, but the police beat them and arrested them. He said that now the police were there to help, but what could they do now
Four years ago, dogs attacked a goat and he almost died. While he recovered on a farm, a rooster befriended him. The farm owner thinks that the rooster visited the elderly goat to get away from other roosters. The goat's rehabilitation took weeks and the rooster stayed with him for the whole time. A farm worker said that the rooster protected the goat, and she thinks that the rooster helped the goat heal because he had a friend. She said that now the rooster goes everywhere that the goat goes. He sleeps with him and rides on him. They are now inseparable friends
The oldest human footprints in Europe have been discovered in Britain. There are only three other sets of footprints that are older and they are in Africa. Scientists took digital photographs of the footprints and created a 3D image from them. The images and model were unveiled at a news conference at the British Museum in London. Scientists think that most of the footprints are children's. There was at least one adult, too. Discoveries of ancient man's footprints are extremely rare. Scientists say that the discovery will rewrite our understanding of human occupation of Britain and Europe
People saved a sow in South Africa from slaughter, and now she lives in an animal sanctuary. Her keeper noticed that she was very intelligent, so the keeper gave her a few balls and paintbrushes. The keeper noticed that the sow was interested in the paintbrush, and that she likes paint. People now call the sow 'Pigcasso' for her talent and love for painting. Her work is abstract expressionism
Holi is an Indian festival of colour. It is celebrated in the northern Indian city of Vrindavan, which is known as the City of Widows. There is a number of widowed women in the city who have found shelter there. They danced with tourists who came to see the festival. An Indian man started organising the celebrations in 2013. A widow from a care home for the elderly said that they do not feel like widows any more. Their lives are much better thanks to this man
An amazing animation shows the busy airspace above Europe during summer. Small white points represent airplanes on their way. The animation uses information from radar data on June 21 st, 2013, and flight plans from July 28 th, 2013. There are on average 30,000 flights across Europe every day in July. These flights cover a combined distance of 25 million nautical miles (over 46 million kilometres). The video features two London airports. On June 21 st, 5,675 airplanes departed and arrived from British airports
An organisation rescued a rare albino orangutan from the jungle in Indonesia. A veterinarian said that she was in very bad condition when people rescued her. She was very stressed, had skin and hair problems and suffered from dehydration. The organisation which found her is asking people to suggest names for the orangutan. People hope that she will become a symbol of efforts to save orangutans
North Korea tried to launch a missile, and the USA reacted. It sent an aircraft carrier to the Korean waters last week. A supply vessel needed to sail to the carrier, and a Japanese warship went with it to protect it. It is the largest Japanese warship. It is the helicopter carrier Izumo. The situation in the region is getting more and more serious. North Korea threatens to sink the American carrier
A man was skydiving in Norway when something hurtled by him. He thinks it was a meteorite! He filmed the video in 2012. Over the past two years, the man tried to find out if it really was a meteorite. He believes it was. Most meteorites burn up when they enter Earth's atmosphere. However, some meteorites survive and they are extinguished 20 kilometres above the Earth. The man believes he captured this type of meteorite on video. Now he works with Norway's Space and Meteorite Centre. It tries to locate the meteor
In Florida, a 21-year-old man received charges from the police after he posted a video of himself on Facebook. The video showed him blocking a road while he sat in a chair at a table and ate pancakes. Police charged the prankster with obstruction of the road and disrupting traffic. He was not arrested but he has to go to court over the event
A 16-year-old Muslim girl wore a hijab during a boxing match. She became the first person in the USA to do this. She lost the match but later said that it was not about winning. She felt that she had a purpose, as she fought for what she believes in. She believes that all girls should have a chance. Now she wants to change the international rules as well, so she can compete in a hijab at the 2020 Olympics. The teenager hopes that she inspired others to fight for what they believe in
Archaeologists in Egypt found an ancient statue. It is very big. They moved it at night. They did not want to be stopped by the daily traffic. It is a torso. It weights three tons. It is probably a statue of one of the most famous pharaohs in Egypt. Historians think that it is a statue of Ramses II. He ruled Egypt for 60 years over 3000 years ago. Historians will put the parts of the statue together and restore them at the Egyptian museum in Cairo. An Egyptian-German archaeological team discovered the statue
In England, master chocolatiers created a giant chocolate Thomas the Tank Engine to celebrate Easter. It took them 250 hours to make the 140-kilogramme replica of the famous blue engine. Thomas came to King's Cross Station in London and children and adults were happy to see him. A  Fat Controller  also came to give out chocolate eggs
People in a Canadian town were shocked when their tap water turned pink. They had no idea why this was, and whether the water was safe. They were later told that the water was safe. It was pink because of potassium permanganate, which was used to wash the town's water filters
In the Cincinnati Zoo in the USA, an Australian Shepherd dog is a part-time nanny to three Malaysian tiger cubs. The cubs climb and paw all over him. The cubs were born on February 3rd, and zookeepers took over because their mother ignored them. The dog is a resident companion to animals at the zoo that need to cuddle or need comfort. He also keeps the cubs in check, if needed. The dog has worked with other baby animals before. He helped take care of baby cheetahs, wallabies, skunks, and others
There is a beauty centre for cats and dogs in Russia. It provides similar services like spas for humans. Your pet can get a massage, do aqua aerobics, walk on a treadmill, or do fit ball exercises with a personal coach. A dog owner explained that if you get a dog, you have to care for it. You must keep it in shape, bathe it, and feed it properly. This is easier with the help of the centre. Haircuts, fur masks and pedicures are very popular. The set costs around 20 US dollars
A camera captured a funny moment in Minnesota. It showed a wedding party on a dock. There were 22 people there and the dock was small. The dock collapsed. A couple of bridesmaids ran away, but the rest of the people were in waist-deep water. As the guests arrived for the wedding, the wedding party was still wet
A leopard appeared from the rooftop of a house in India. People panicked. They clambered away from the animal in fear. The animal attacked the man when he tried to escape. The leopard then strayed into the village and hid in a hut. It was probably as scared as the people. Luckily, no one else was injured in the incident
A giant asteroid surprised scientists who discovered that it had rings. The asteroid is 250 kilometres wide. It is the smallest known object to have such rings. People used to think that rings are only around big planets like Saturn or Neptune. The scientists noticed the rings when the asteroid moved in front of the star. It cast a shadow over South America. We don't know how the rings are formed. One theory says that the rings are made up of ice, small stones and other debris
A car curling tournament happened in Russia. A series of accidents caused by black ice last autumn was the inspiration for the tournament. Four teams of 10 pushed small cars towards a target painted on an ice rink. Each team had three cars and nine attempts to get the cars as close to the centre as possible. People removed the heaviest parts of the cars before the event
A cat from Melbourne is the longest domestic cat in the world. His name is Omar and he is a Maine Coon. His owners thought that he would have 9 kilograms big, but he got to this weight before the age of one year. He is now about 14 kilograms and 120 centimetres long. The cat is popular, but the owner said that he will just be a house cat
Etna is an active volcano in Italy. Tourists and scientists were observing it when there was an explosion. The lava hit some snow, and the contrast between cold and hot generated an explosion. The explosion injured at least ten people. Six people went to hospital with head injuries
This news is about a crane operator. He has achieved something quite amazing. He used his crane to pick up an egg. The crane weighs 24 tons, and it is normally used to move long metal pipes. The Chinese man is a very dedicated worker. He said that he practices grabbing pipes day and night. He works for an oil field company. He says that the sound of the pipes is like music to him. It always makes him full of happiness
In 1984, a beach in a village in Ireland vanished during a storm. This affected the tourism in the area. However, during a recent unusual tide, the beach reappeared. People hope that the beach will get a Blue Flag status in an inspection next year and bring back tourism
A snow leopard jumped over a fence into a sheep pen. Later, herdsmen found it so stuffed that it could not jump back. Once the herdsmen managed to get it moving again, the leopard was released back into the wild. Snow leopards are extremely rare. They are more rare than giant pandas. They are one of the most highly protected animals in China. This leopard was just under one and a half metres in length and it weighed around 100 kilograms, but snow leopards can get much bigger
This news is about Margaret Cattle who was a lollipop lady. She watched over a crossing in England for 45 years. She says that she was very nervous on the first day. It was her first time doing the job. People say that she is really nice, and that she made them feel safe. No one got hurt on the crossing. She is proud of her achievement, and she is retiring now. She is the longest-serving lollipop lady
People bought a white diamond at a car boot sale in England back in the 1980s. They thought that it was just costume jewellery because they bought it just for 10. However, they had the 26.27 carats (5.3 grams) stone valued recently. They found out that it was a real diamond, and that it is going on sale for around 350,000. The owners say that they are extremely excited
An organisation released a video. It shows an asteroid which hits Earth. The group uses the video to say that impacts of asteroids are common, more common than scientists believed. The video uses data from a global network. The network listens to nuclear weapons detonations. Between 2000 and 2013, 26 big explosions were detected. They were not caused by nuclear weapons but by asteroids. NASA watches asteroids which are larger than 1 kilometre
A 23-foot python (7 metres) had her annual check-up. The snake is the biggest one in Europe. It weighs around 60 kilograms. Ten people from the zoo carried her to the vet and they checked her heart with ultrasound. Doctors can tell a lot about the health of the hearth like this. The experts tried similar tests on giraffes and sharks, but snake hearts interest them more. A snake's heart has three chambers, not four like the human heart
Russia celebrated the surrender of Nazi Germany on Tuesday 9th. The military parade took place at Moscow's Red Square. People could see modern and historic military hardware, such as T-34 tanks. Veterans joined President Putin to watch the Victory Day celebration. In memory of the tens of millions of casualties, he laid a wreath outside the Kremlin. He also gave a speech in which he asked for international co-operation to fight extremism
A medical team in the US did an operation that changed the life of a baby. Dominique was born with four legs and two spines. They were parts of a twin. The twin was connected to the back of Dominique's neck. There were legs that moved and feet that came out of the back of her neck. This was extremely dangerous for the baby. Thanks to the hard work of a medical team, she got a new chance at life. One of the doctors said that the operation was very difficult. The most critical part was the connection of the two spines. After that, the doctors knew that the operation would be successful. Dominique left the hospital five days after the surgery. She is now in the care of an American foster family. People expect that she can live a full and normal life now
After she ran out of petrol, a 24-year-old student survived alone at the Grand Canyon for five days. As she had no mobile phone signal, she used rocks to spell out 'HELP'. Eventually, a paramedic in a helicopter saw her. Other helicopters flew by when she was at the Grand Canyon, but they did not see her. When this helicopter came to land near her, she started to cry. The paramedic came up to her and asked her if she needed help
Zookeepers at a zoo in the USA let some of the animals play. The otters play the keyboard, and an orangutan played the xylophone. The music lesson was part of an animal enrichment programme. The programme wants to bring more fun into animals' lives. The zoo is home to around 2,000 animals of around 400 species, and it receives around two million visitors each year
At a concert in Manchester, twenty-two people died and around 59 were injured. An explosion took place in the arena's foyer shortly after the singer left the stage. Somebody filmed the scenes of panic at the Ariana Grande concert. It shows concertgoers running for safety after hearing a loud bang
In February, a husband and wife went on a cruise, and the wife disappeared. In Rome, police arrested the husband. At an Italian port, a boat owner saw a suitcase floating in the water and picked it up. He wanted to see what was inside, so he unzipped it and found a black bag in the shape of a person. Italian police wonder if this is the body of the wife. The husband's lawyer says that the body is too tall to be hers, but the police are still working on the crime
A group of scientists launched a pastry into the stratosphere. No one knows why they did it, but an amazing video was filmed. The fake pastry was stuck to a home-made spacecraft. The spacecraft was then attached to a big balloon and released into the sky. The balloon rose to at least 29,000 feet (8,839 metres), but it started to fall down only in two hours. The amateur scientists then reclaimed their invention
In a desert in Jordan, hundreds of camels and their trainers came to race. Camel racing is a tradition and crowds from all over the country came to see it. The winner received 400 Dinars (564 dollars) and bragging rights. Jordan does not allow child racing, so trainers used robotic radio-controlled jockeys. After Ramadan, the camels will race again
Most people don't like cockroaches, but one man from China is an exception. He has a cockroach farm which brings him a fortune. He has nearly one square mile of the bugs, and one kilo of them sells for 16. People use cockroach shells and oil in Chinese medicine to treat a lot of diseases. However, these medical products say nothing about the cockroaches on their information packets. The reason why is clear. But, the farmer is proud of his cockroach farm anyway
It will sound strange, but it's true. A pig from Hawaii really loves to surf. The pig's owner noticed the pig's skills when it slipped and fell into a pool and started to swim. Not long after, the amazing pig started sharing a surfboard with its owner. The pig enjoys surfing and people enjoy watching it. Most people have never seen a pig on a surfboard. The pig makes them smile and laugh. It brings happiness to the world
Utility workers found a baby otter alone and saved it. It was struggling to survive in a canal in Arizona. The workers took it to a wildlife centre. It was dehydrated, hungry, and full of fleas. People gave it cat's milk and fish, and it got better soon. It will now start a new life in a wildlife park
A lorry drove into a department store in the centre of Stockholm. According to the police, there are at least two dead in this awful terrorist attack. Police evacuated the city centre and the main central station. They did not arrest anyone yet, but they are working on it. The Swedish Prime Minister said that the government is doing everything in its power to find out what happened. He also recommended that the public be careful and listen to police broadcasts. The attack came after other terrorist incidents in France, Germany and the United Kingdom
A woman paints on her body and takes pictures of herself. She then puts the pictures together to create a stop-motion film. Her videos are amazing. She is is Chinese but she lives in Japan. Her interesting career started at home. She wanted to paint something, but she had nothing to paint on. So, she used her hand and painted an eye on it. It looked quite strange, so she took a picture of it. The artist says that people judge others by their appearances. She thinks that that is really stupid. She creates her films to send a message that things are not what they look like on the surface
A 16-year-old tae kwon do champion set a new Guinness World Record. He crushed 111 building blocks with his head in 35 seconds. He is from Bosnia
Antonin Stradivari, the world's renowned violin maker, made violins in the 1700s. Only about 550 violins made by him exist now. He made one violin called the Ames Stradivarius in 1734, which is probably worth millions of dollars. Someone stole that violin from a musician in 1980. Decades later, the thief, who was another violinist, showed his ex-wife a locked violin case. In 2015, she took that violin for an appraisal and found out what it was. The family of the owner received the violin back. A Chinese woman who came to study under the true owner of the violin played it in New York City on March 13th
Two men, who are known as Slow Mo Guys, have posted another video on YouTube. It has already gone viral. They used a large firecracker to explode a watermelon when one of them sat close by. He got covered in its juice and pulp. The two use a high speed camera that films at 25,000 frames per second. They have filmed various things in slow motion like water balloon fights and golf shots. The guys have been doing this for the past three years
A bus driver from New Mexico, USA is lucky to be alive. He was driving without his seat belt when a pickup truck ran a red light and hit the bus. Luckily, there were no passengers on the bus at the time of the accident. The driver suffered only cuts and grazes. Both drivers were taken to hospital. Police say that the truck driver was not drunk at the time
A helicopter was trying to land on a superyacht, but it crashed into the water. It happened in a Norwegian harbour and someone filmed it on camera. Three British citizens were onboard the helicopter and were injured. It is possible that a tarpaulin got stuck in the helicopter's rotors. Both Britain and Norway are investigating the incident
A 12-year-old dog had arthritis and doctors amputated her toe. Now her owner treats the pain by adding cannabis to her food. The dog's owner says that his dog seems happier, livelier and in less pain. If she is in pain, she does not 'care as much'. Twenty-eight American states have legalised the drug and as a result, more Americans use it to treat their pets' conditions. Cannabis is still illegal according to federal law in the United States, which means that veterinarians cannot prescribe it. Also, scientists say that they cannot say if it is safe for pets
Three tiger cubs were rejected by their mother, so they are being raised by a step dog mum. The two twin girls and their older brother are having a great time with their new step family. They play a lot with their step brothers and sisters. The cubs love playing a game of ball and getting their claws into somebody. They are really cute and they have become stars at a safari park in China's Zhejiang Province. But it won't be all fun and games forever. The cubs are expected to be reunited with their parents soon
In the Victoria State in Australia, there were too many koalas. This was a problem because the koalas ate all of the trees and then they had nothing to eat. Last year, people moved 500 koalas, and they want to keep their numbers down. They gave the females contraceptive implants and moved them to other forests. However, it will be some years before the destroyed gum trees grow back
An Israeli company developed a small square chip. Each side measures 4.76 millimetres. This chip is tiny, but it contains the New Testament in the original Greek version. All 27 books of it are written on the chip. The company plans to mass produce it and put it in everyone's pockets. Because it is so small, it fits inside watches and jewellery. The possibilities are limitless. The company also plans to produce a chip with the Old Testament
In Caracas, Venezuela, police and protesters fought over the government of the current president. People have been protesting violently for over a month because they want new elections. Police hit the protesters with tear gas, and many hid behind their makeshift shields to protect themselves. In the middle of all this, one protester stayed calm and played his violin
An incredible video emerged. It shows a two-year-old skateboarder in action. The little boy is from Australia and he could be the most amazing skateboarder ever. He comes from a family of skateboard enthusiasts, and he has been practising since he was just six months old. The age when most of us can't even walk yet! In the video, he skates down the streets and hops over curbs on his board
At Burbank, California, passengers were leaving from a plane when a fight broke out between two men. Someone recorded it with a mobile phone as other passengers and crew members tried to stop the brawl. Afterwards, police arrested one of the men. Southwest Airlines reported that its flight crews have training on how to de-escalate conflicts. The airline did not say what started the fight
A fully upside down house was built in Shanghai. It features a bathroom, bedrooms, a kitchen and a living area. The house is a place where everything is turned upside down, including furniture and even the cutlery. Many visitors are shocked and dizzy. One tourist said that the most interesting room was the bathroom. She felt like the water might be falling out of the toilet. Polish designers created the house, and it took five months to build. The house was opened to the public last week
An American man was leaving home early in the morning when he saw a bear. He took out his phone and filmed it, because it walked on its hind legs! The bear didn't know that the man filmed it. It seemed like it went for a walk. After the man uploaded the video on the Internet, several people said that they saw the bear, too
Dwain Chambers is a 38-year-old sprinter. He is one of the fastest European sprinters, but can he beat a racehorse? Dwain Chambers and a racehorse raced 100 metres at a racecourse in England. The human started running immediately while the horse took a while to get moving. However, the horse soon got close behind Chambers. In the end, two legs were faster than four on the 100-metre course. The sprinter won in a time of 10.36 seconds
Scientists in Argentina discovered bones of one of the world's largest dinosaurs. The fossils belonged to a sauropod and they are around 90 million years old. The bones are important because of their size. There are a lot of them, too. Experts also found a lot of teeth from carnivorous animals. The experts will be able to learn what these animals ate. Much about their old ecosystem can be learned, as well. The palaeontologists began to excavate last year. A ranch employee noticed the fossils first
A rare phenomenon appeared in Mongolia. It looked like there were three suns in the sky! The sun in the middle was real. The two other suns on the left and on the right were the sun's smaller reflections. This phenomenon appears only in very specific conditions. The temperature must be lower than -30 and the air must be filled with clouds and vapour
There is a big drought in Somalia. More than a hundred people died during 48 hours. The government called the situation a national disaster. The United Nations thinks that 5 million people need help. Many people can die because they have no food. Thousands of people arrived in Somalia's capital. There were too many. The prime minister of Somalia said that the big drought is now in many areas of the country. The drought affects half of the population. There were droughts before. The droughts, together with conflicts, left the country weak
Scientists used a clever new filming technique to film whales in Antarctica: they attached cameras onto the whales' bags. Using suction cups, they attached digital tags onto the whales' backs, which also have sensors and a camera. The scientists hope that the tags will get information on the whales' feeding areas to get them more protection, as well as give a short look into their world
Along South Africa's east coast, sardines began their migration that lasts from April to July. It occurs in different locations around the coast. People named it the 'sardine run', and the huge shoal of fish is five to seven kilometres long. Dolphins and other animals that eat fish see the sardine run as a lot of food, while scientists see it as a time to research. They learned that reproducing adults and young fish are in the sardine run
There is a new hotel in Taiwan, which features a 21-metre-deep swimming and scuba-diving pool. Divers can explore a 'sunken ship' and a series of underwater caves. They can also give the hotel's diners a wave through a large window. The hotel has 30 rooms and its design was inspired by Italy's 40-metre-deep 'Y-40'. Y-40 is the deepest swimming pool in the world
Last Tuesday, a tornado struck houses in Oklahoma, USA. At least one person died. The tornado destroyed around 40 homes and damaged another 75. Telephone service into and out of the city was knocked out. Aid workers brought food supplies into the area for the local people
People took a video in 2011, but they only uploaded it to YouTube recently. They filmed it in Costa Rica. It showed a dangerous moment. A man fed a crocodile with bait in his mouth
A one-year-old boy was playing outside his mother's shop in China. The mother was not with the baby, so she didn't see him when he walked away. Later, a security camera on a bus filmed the baby boy  he boarded the bus on his own. The driver and the passengers saw that no adult was with the baby, so the driver stopped the bus and people called the police. Passengers took care of the baby until the officers came. They found the parents of the baby an hour later
Heavy rains hit Peru and put 200,000 people at risk. People who lost their homes got help. At least 60 people died this year, and more than twelve people died in the last three days. There is a video of a Peruvian woman stuck in a mudslide. She escapes the mudslide and then collapses. People took her to hospital. She was not seriously injured
There are many old kitchen appliances in the UK. A delivery company came up with an idea. It made a new bike. The bike is made out of kitchen appliances which are not used anymore. The new bike is one of 12,000 bikes used for delivering food across Britain. The company is encouraging people to clean their homes from old appliances and let them be used for food delivery
A four-year-old girl from Arkansas was on a church bus when the bus door opened. She fell out onto the highway. A man filmed the shocking moment on camera. A volunteer firefighter was driving behind the bus. He quickly came to the girl and picked her up. He would not normally do this, but there was a lot of traffic. The girl's family says that they think that she will be fine
German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited the White House recently. She received a frosty reception from President Trump. Journalists were asking for a handshake and Merkel asked Trump, too, but he just ignored them. They did not tell the media what they talked about
About 200 inmates escaped from a prison on Sumatra. It happened on Friday when the prisoners were out of their cells during prayers. The capacity of the prison is for 200 people, but it is holding almost 1,900 people. Hundreds of police and soldiers came to the prison and set up roadblocks around the city. They caught over half of the prisoners on the same day
The C919 is the first Chinese-built passenger jet. People designed it to compete with the Airbus 320 and the Boeing 737. It took off from Shanghai on its 80-minute maiden flight. The Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (Comac) made the jet. The state media described the debut as 'another fulfilment of a Chinese dream.
Eight years ago, a man was paralysed below his shoulders in a cycling accident. Now, thanks to new technology, he can move his right arm and hand again. There are electrodes in his head that record the activity of his brain. They generate signals which tell another device to stimulate the muscles in his arm. The 56-year-old is the first person with quadriplegia to move again
French police shot dead a Chinese man in his home in Paris. The police say that the man attacked an officer with scissors, so they acted in self-defence. The lawyer of the family rejected the description, and China contacted the French embassy. The next day after the killing, people in Paris started to protest. Three police officers were injured and more than 30 people were arrested
Isolated native people emerged from the Amazon rainforest, and made contact with the outside world. Someone filmed the moment on camera. The people wore loincloths and carried bows and arrows. They communicated with local villagers who gave them some bananas. The people took them, but they stepped back quickly. They were afraid of the strangers. Brazilian experts said that people from the rainforest move from Peru because of deforestation
In Belgium, there is a special flower in a botanic garden. It is famous for its foul smell, but it does not stop visitors from sticking their noses into it. The flower rarely blooms outside Indonesia, and it takes between three and ten years for it to mature. The flower smells like old meat, which attracts insects. Its stinky red leaves stay open only for two days
A pastor in Sierra Leone found a 706-carat (141 grams) diamond. It is the largest diamond found in Sierra Leone in over 40 years. The pastor decided to give it to the government. He hopes that it will help the West African country. The President of Sierra Leone said that the diamond was going to be sold publicly. Everybody will know the price and the buyer
An astronaut at the International Space Station took an image every few seconds of the Earth. Then he played the images back quickly and created a time-lapse video. The video shows how the Earth spins. In the time it takes to play one football match, the ISS circles the planet completely. During a 90-minute period, astronauts can pass from daytime to nighttime and back again
Twenty years ago, the rapper Biggie Smalls died in Los Angeles. A US congressman who represents New York wanted to pay tribute to the rapper, as the rapper lived in his district in his past. The congressman rapped while he talked about the rapper's story. He said that he went from being poor to being rich, and this showed a real example of the American Dream
A man went for a swim in a beautiful, remote park in Mexico. He got the shock of his life when a huge crocodile appeared and started following him. The man swam to shore as fast as he could to escape the croc. The incident was watched by a group of tourists who were on a bridge. Luckily, one of them had a good idea. He or she threw a big object into the water to make the crocodile stop
Twelve swimmers swam about 10 kilometres across the border of the US to Mexico. They did it to support human rights and to show their solidarity with the world. The athletes swam from Imperial Beach in California to Mexico. A hundred schoolchildren met them and cheered when they got to their destination. The event organiser said that the swim was not a protest. She said that it was a swim for human rights, a way to bring attention to people's trouble, and to show that every life is important
An Icelandic reality show is helping homeless kittens get new homes through work with a cat protection organisation. The idea behind the reality show is that four rescue kittens move into a doll house for up to 3 to 4 weeks at a time, and they are filmed for many hours a day. So far, the show has been a success. Many of the kittens have been re-homed, and as they get adopted, new homeless kittens take their places
In Yemen, there was an outbreak of cholera. People reported over 9,000 cases of the disease. The African country does not have enough room in hospitals. Before the cholera, there was war in Yemen, and now it does not have enough resources to fight the disease. The UN is asking for 1 billion dollars that countries promised in Geneva
In Russia, a Siberian tiger prowled the suburbs of a city, so people caught him to send him back to the wild. They moved him to a national park about 500 kilometres to the north. In the woods, he can live freely and thrive. Russia protects Siberian tigers, as people believe that there are only about 54 of them left in the wild
In Baghdad, a bookworm turned his van into a mobile bookshop. He makes up to 4,000 a month selling books around the city. He has done well enough to hire four people to help him. The man said that it took him nine months to achieve his idea and he hopes that it brings more people to reading. As the man moves his van, he changes the books that people can see. This is because Baghdad is still divided on their past leader Saddam Hussein
A tiger in a zoo in England entered an enclosure with a zookeeper and killed her. The zoo described it as a  freak incident' and offered its sympathy to friends and family. People evacuated visitors of the zoo and an air ambulance came to the emergency. The police told people that no animals got out of the zoo and that they were safe. There is an investigation into the incident
A man killed his neighbour in Arkansas in 1992 and he became a prisoner. Now he is the first prisoner in the state of Arkansas to be executed in over a decade. The spokesman of the governor spoke to the governor right after the execution. The governor was sad and had a message to the media in the media room. He said that it is a sad night for Arkansas and that he does not take it lightly. It is the one of the most sad things in his job. In the end, though, the right thing was done. Now, for the first time since 1993, there is justice for that neighbour's family. That is very important
A woman found a cat in an alley in Chicago. That woman who is now the cat's owner and trainer took her in and named her Alley. The woman soon realised that the cat had a very special talent. The cat was at first able to jump only two feet, but then it was three, four, five and finally six feet. The cat was once a frail kitty, but now it is a star. The cat set a new Guinness World Record and it also tours the USA with its owner
Little lions at a zoo in Washington must pass a swimming test. Four ten-week-old cats were thrown into the water by the staff. All four cubs held their heads above the water, and three of them swam to the shallow end of the moat. One, however, got quickly out of the water the same way he entered. The small cats at the zoo must pass this test. They must show that they are strong enough, and that water is no danger to them
This news is especially for cat lovers! A team of vets, scientists and sound artists created a keyboard for cats. You play it just like a normal keyboard, and it converts the sound into frequencies for cats. Both the keyboard player and the cats can enjoy the music! Part of a campaign designed the keyboard. The campaign is called the Pussy Cat Riot. This campaign is anti-Internet censorship. The first live show was a protest performance playing national anthems of countries that censor the Internet. The audience was, of course, made of cats
A Croatian winemaker and diver found a way to combine his two hobbies. He matures his wine at the bottom of the sea. The seabed is perfect for ageing wine. It is dark, quiet, and the temperature is stable. He says that the wine tastes better if it matures down there. He puts each bottle into a clay container and sealed with wax, so it is protected from seawater
Somebody installed a special screen at a London bus stop. The screen uses a special type of technology to shock people. It has a camera so it shows what's behind it, but a little differently. It adds videos of an alien invasion, giant robots or a tiger on the run. It was a little scary for some people, and their reactions were incredible. They were caught on camera
The Dubai Canvas Event is a 3D art festival. It showcases work from 25 artists from around the world. It is the first event which recognises 3D street art. The best artist wins some money. The artists worked outside on a busy walkway. That could make work more difficult, but the artists could talk about their work with people. The festival's director explained that the festival's goal is to let people know about this type of art. There are also four female artists in the festival
An American university professor was climbing in Nepal when he fell down a hole. The crack in the ice was 22 metres deep, and the man got trapped in it. The man thought that he was going to die. His arm and five ribs were broken, but he didn't give up and he moved out of the gap. It took him six hours. He reached his tent in another three hours. Help came the next day
A military lover bought a tank on the internet. He paid 30,000. He and his mechanic repaired the tank. They were afraid that there were guns inside it. When they opened it, they found gold. They found 2 million in gold inside. The man called the police. The police took the gold away for investigation and gave him a receipt. People think that Iraqi soldiers stole the gold when they attacked Kuwait in 1990
In Syria, someone used chemical weapons. Innocent civilians died. The US reacted with air-strikes. For the first time, the US directed the attack at one of President Assad's military bases. Donald Trump's intervention divided Syrian Americans. In New York, people protested against America's air-strikes on Syria. The protesters were unhappy with Donald Trump's intervention. They voted for him because he promised not to be a policeman for the world. He promised to stay in America. One of the protesters said that this was another war based on a total lie. However, a lot of Syrian Americans welcome what President Trump did. One of them said that he hopes that this action will end President Assad's leadership in Syria. He thinks that the United States finally made a move for humanity and to help the Syrian people
A man was crossing a busy highway in China when two vehicles entered the crossroads from different sides. The car and the truck tried to avoid an accident, but they hit each other and almost hit the man. The man was extremely lucky. The two vehicles hit just inches from him. He was almost crushed. Nobody was injured but the accident heavily damaged both vehicles
A sailor was trying to tie up his boat when he accidentally knocked the throttle. The boat started moving and threw the man overboard. The six-metre-long speedboat began to move in a circle. Luckily, somebody spotted the boat and let others know. Lifeboat crew got a line aboard the boat and managed to reduce the speed. The owner of the boat got safely to shore, but he had to go to hospital
Mexicans were celebrating the spring equinox. Thousands of them visited the pyramids of Teotihuacan. They are located 40 kilometres from Mexico City. A visitor to the pyramids said that he was asking for peace and harmony. Many people climbed the Pyramid of the Sun to receive its energy. People also wore white clothing. They believe that it can help them receive positive energy from the sun
A car bomb exploded outside a popular ice cream shop in Baghdad. The place was full of people at the time of the explosion. Thirteen people died and 30 more were injured. The attack took place at midnight when some Muslims break fasting during Ramadan. The Islamic State Group, which sees Iraq's Shia Muslims as heretics, claimed responsibility for the attack
In Germany, a truck was transporting a wind turbine blade. There was an accident and the blade crushed a truck. The motorway came to a halt, which caused delays in both directions. One driver was injured
Tourists in Cambodia can now book a tour of the country's infamous Killing Fields and the Genocide Museum. Visitors see a historical documentary on the bus to learn more about the dark period. Up to 3 million people died during the Khmer Rouge regime between 1975 and 1979
Last month, an unusual thief visited a jewellery shop. The thief was a monkey. First, an employee of the shop noticed the monkey sitting outside the shop door and he offered a piece of fruit to the monkey. Shortly after that, the unsatisfied monkey pushed open the door and went inside the shop. He took a seat in an office chair, relaxed, then took some money and ran off with it. The employee tried to offer the monkey a banana in exchange for the money, but the thief did not want it and escaped into the street with about 10,000 rupees, which is about 150 US dollars. Shop staff said that they saw this monkey before. They will be more careful now if he comes back again
In North London, someone put up an anti- Semitic road sign. It warned people about the presence of Jews near a synagogue. A Jewish community group spoke to the police about the sign. A Jewish leader said that the sign upset people, and reminded them 'of some of the darkest periods in recent Jewish history'. Later, people found out that the sign was supposed to be provocative, but not anti-Semitic. It was part of an art project by a French artist. He placed 27 signs showing similar figures around London. The artist apologised and said that he thought that his signs had no 'bad meanings'
A boy was ill and doctors diagnosed him with a migraine and sent him home. His mother said that something was wrong because her son was acting differently. He was very angry and he was vomiting. He drew a picture of the pain in his head on his Etch-A-Sketch and described it as a  lump '. His mother took a picture of his drawing and brought it to the doctors to highlight her worries. Doctors did a brain scan and found that her son had a deadly brain tumour. They performed an operation, and he is now getting better at home
Emmanuel Macron was inaugurated as the new President of France. At the age of 39, he is the youngest president in the country's history. The inauguration ceremony took place at the Elysee Palace. Around 300 guests, officials, and family members attended the ceremony. In his speech, Macron said that he will fight terrorism and authoritarianism. He later greeted people at Paris's Arc de Triomphe
A balloon festival is taking place in three Tunisian cities  Hammamet, Tunis and Sousse. Teams from around the world gathered in a field in Hammamet. There were 25 balloons and up to 90 participants taking part. This is the event's third year. One pilot explained that you can land anywhere, but you also have to drive to the balloon to collect it. Landing in the desert is something new to him. A Lithuanian balloon crew member called ballooning the safest of all air transportation because there is almost no danger
A man in California set the new record for the longest tongue in the world. His tongue measures 10.13 centimetres which is just under 4 inches. He says that it has its pros  licking lollipops and eating ice cream is easy. However, strangers find it a bit bizarre. When people introduce him to somebody new, the other person always says that the man has the longest tongue in the world. Everyone, of course, wants to see it. This can leave a strange impression. The man says that long tongues run in his family. His younger brother has a very long tongue, too
This news is about an 84-year-old woman from the UK. Her name is Ursula and she left school in 1944 unable to read. She had no time to learn to read because she had to look after her ill parents. Ursula felt sad that she could not read the papers or books like other people. She decided to learn to read now, in her 80s. She hopes that she can inspire other people to read too
Thousands of people protested in Moscow against corruption. They also demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Medvedev. It is the biggest anti-Kremlin protest since 2011. However, opinion polls show that more people like Putin than his opposition. Police arrested hundreds of people. They also arrested Alexei Navalny, who is the opposition leader
There is a video of a birth of the last killer whale living in captivity. The calf was born to 25-year-old Takara in a Sea World in Texas. Sea World announced the end of its orca breeding programme last year. It was after the film 'Blackfish'. Some people started to worry about the benefits of orcas living in captivity. Animal rights campaigners want to move both the orcas into a wildlife reservation
Tourists at a zoo in Thailand left behind their junk food, and a monkey ate it. He became so fat that people started to call him 'Uncle Fat'. He is 26 kilograms heavy  three times the normal weight. A vet explained how dangerous the mass of fat is. In the end, it can lead to heart diseases. Zookeepers placed the monkey on a strict diet. He eats only lean protein, fruit and vegetables
An incredible image, which was taken in 2009 by the Hubble Space Telescope, has been released. A galaxy moves through a cluster of galaxies, and it is being ripped apart. It happens near the Great Attractor. This is a region in space around 200 million light years away from Earth. Scientists study the images taken by the Hubble Space Telescope for years because the images are very complex. The telescope has been taking pictures of space since 1990
Thousands of people met in Paris. They wanted to support the presidential candidate Francios Fillon. He may not stay in the presidential race because he faces corruption charges. He arranged jobs in the parliament for his wife and children, but they never did them. Some people wanted the candidate to pull out of the race. The candidate thanked to his supporters for coming to the meeting. There were many people at the meeting, but it is still not sure if he will stay in the presidential race
